Update authentication-tutorial.md (#823)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/workload-development-kit/authentication-tutorial.md

   :::image type="content" source="./media/authentication-tutorial/configure-workload-manifest-xml.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing configuration of workload manifest xml file.":::

## Configure the workload local manifest and acquire a token for your application (frontend)
> [!NOTE]

> > This step is only applicable for the devmode secnario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This step is only applicable to the devmode scenario.
```
